Previously on "Heartland"...
Nice, huh? My dad
just got him for me.
His name is Winner,
and that's just what
I intend on doing.
There's no chance that you're
still seeing Cassandra, right?
Caleb. Caleb!
The real reason
you're going to Moose Jaw
is so you can screw up
Miranda's wedding?
Well, I have to say
congratulations!
Give me-ah, hey!
It's over, Amy.
Peter and I, we've...
We've decided to separate.
Did I tell you
how much I missed you?
Well, I missed you, too.
I'm glad to hear
that Lily's doing so well.
Yeah, the program really
seems to be helping.
But it was hard for me
to see her there,
but I'm glad I went.
Do you think she's gonna
make it to the wedding?
Well, she's pretty determined
to be there.
Speaking of that...
Are you sure that you're okay
with the venue?
I'm happy with it,
if you're happy with it.
I'd marry you anywhere.
I wish I could just stay here
all day, like this.
I honestly can't take much more sleeping
on the floor, Lou. My neck is killing me.
Look, you don't have to sleep
on the floor. I told you that.
Yeah, I know that's what you said,
but you're obviously uncomfortable
and I don't wanna...
Look, this isn't easy
for either of us.
But we only have to make it
through a few more days.
Why can't I just sleep on the
couch, maybe, just for tonight?
Then what do we tell Georgie
when she sees you?
The truth.
Peter, we agreed
to wait until the audition's over. I...
'kay. It's just it's getting harder
and harder to pull this off,
and Georgie doesn't miss
a thing.
Look, I know, but she has been talking
about this tryout for the extreme team
since she didn't make it
last year, okay?
As soon as the
audition is over,
we are going to make it
our priority
to help her get through this,
right?
I agree. We'll tell her.
Okay.
Um... I better go get her.
She's done her class by now.
Um... Peter,
I should probably fill grandpa
and dad in on what's going on.
Okay. You sure?
No. But it has to be done.
All right. Well,
I should be a part of that.
No. This is... something
I have to do on my own.
No, Lou, this is not something
you do on your own.
Yes, it is, Peter. I...
Lou!
Hey, kitty cat!
What're you doing?
Uh-huh. Yeah, okay.
Yeah, I'll meet for coffee. I just
gotta finish up some work here.
I'll call you when I'm done.
Okay, bye.
So?
Gonna actually do some work
or just stand here
grinning like a fool all day?
Just talking to Casey.
So it sounds like things
are pretty good with you two.
Oh, they couldn't be better.
Yeah, well, I'm glad you...
Got past that whole
Moose Jaw thing.
What Moose Jaw thing?
I-I never went to the wedding.
What's there to get past? I don't
need to tell her anything.
Oh yeah...
Yeah, that's right.
Why be honest and upfront
with the woman
you might just be in love with.
Hey, uh... Before
you go anywhere,
there's something I need
to talk to you about inside.
Who? Me or him?
Both of you.
The audition's
only a few days away,
so right now
you should all be focused
on fine-tuning your tricks.
Okay, I'll see you next time...
And be prepared
for a special guest.
Trudie, the extreme team coach,
might just drop by,
- to see how you're all doing!
- No way! Oh my gosh!
Can you believe the coach
is gonna come watch us?
No big whoop.
I see her all the time.
You do?
Yeah. She and
Sandra are friends.
She drops by
during my lessons sometimes.
Trudie's really nice.
She's even given me a few tips.
Wait, you still need
private lessons?
My dad insisted.
He wants me to kill
at the audition.
I've been working on
an awesome new trick.
I'd say I have the spot
on the team
pretty much in the bag.
Oh, yeah? Well,
don't count on it!
Because I know you only joined
trick riding to bug me!
So bring it on, because I'm
going to whip your butt.
And I've got a new signature
trick I'm going to perform
that's pretty off the charts,
and I've been taking
private lessons.
- And you know what else?
- Georgie!
S08E16
Faking It
sync and corrected by ninh
www.addic7ed.com
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Separating? I can't believe it.
I thought you two
worked this out in Vancouver.
We tried, but it's
just not working anymore.
We're not happy,
and I wanna stay here
and Peter wants to keep working
in Vancouver, so...
So this is about a job for him?
I can't believe that guy.
Dad, don't...
don't do that, okay?
'Cause this is just as much me
as it is Peter.
So what can we do?
Well,
the-the girls don't know
and we wanna keep it that way,
for now.
At least until Georgie makes it through
her audition, which is important.
So if you could just...
keep it to yourselves for now.
No. No, I don't
wanna hear this.
Dad...
So... this, this
separation, maybe it'll...
give you time to sort it out.
I don't think so, grandpa.
It's probably gonna end
in divorce.
Well, you really think
it's gonna come to that?
I didn't think that Peter
and I were ever gonna separate,
but here we are. So...
I just have to be realistic.
Realistic!
Katie? How long
were you down there for?
This kind of
behaviour is not okay.
- Okay, well fine!
- No, it's not okay, Georgie!
What is going on here?
- Go ahead.
- It's just Olivia.
She was bragging about her
stupid private lessons
and her secret new trick she's
gonna perform at the audition
and I just... kind of lost it
and told her some crap.
You told her
some complete untruths.
Okay, it sounds like Olivia
was just trying to wind you up.
Well, I know I should've
just ignored her, but...
She drives me crazy!
You know what? Georgie, it's okay.
I get it.
Because Olivia kinda drives me
crazy, too.
Oh, no, no. I'm
sorry, it's not okay, Lou.
We've been through this before
with Olivia, Georgie,
and she understands... hey!
That it's not acceptable to...
That's not what I meant, Peter.
You know how I feel about lying.
But Olivia is a challenging
personality, and you...
and you raise
some excellent points
that, you know, I think Georgie
should really reflect on, right?
Uh... sure.
Hey...
Look, um... I know you have a
lot on your plate right now,
but... I was hoping maybe you could
help Georgie prep for that tryout?
Yeah. Why, what's up?
I just... I just wanna level the playing
field for her a little bit, you know,
and... it might help
keep her busy.
I know we can't keep this up
for much longer, but I...
I'd love to give the girls a few
more days of "normal" if I can.
Of course. I'd
be happy to help.
Thanks.
Four... five... six...
Seven... eight... nine...
Ten! Ready or not, here I come!
I wonder where Katie could be?
I can't find her anywhere!
Boo! I found you!
Hey! Where are you going?
- I got you! I found you!
- Where are you going?!
Hey... ah, it's
almost time for Katie's nap,
so why don't you get started
on your homework, okay?
It's all done.
Well, you're book report isn't.
You can started on that
if you got free time.
But it's not due for weeks.
It's not up for discussion.
Let's go.
You're back.
Lou, honey, I wanna apologize
for reacting the way I did.
It's okay. I... I
should've told you sooner...
No. No, no.
With all you're dealing with,
I... I understand.
Katie wants to
decorate cookies...
when she wakes up.
It's Maggie's.
I have to take this.
- Yeah.
- Hello?
Can... can you hang on
until I get there?
Yes. No, no, no. I'll...
I'll be right there.
Now my other server is sick.
Probably the same flu. I...
I know this sounds terrible
to say,
but the timing
just couldn't be worse.
I... I really need to be here
for the kids right now.
I mean, you know...
Georgie's out practicing
with Amy and...
God knows if she finished
her book report.
And Katie, she's...
She's gonna wake up any minute
and she's gonna wanna do this,
but we'll just...
We'll do it another time.
- Lou, let me do it.
- No, dad.
Honey, I did it the
whole time you were in Vancouver.
You were supervising. It's not the
same as being on the front lines.
I can handle it.
Look, it's a really
sweet offer, but...
I wish I could fix
everything for you,
but I can't.
So let me do this.
I'll look after Maggie's, and I'll
be there for as long as you need me.
Really?
Yeah, just let me do it.
Thank you.
All right. Let's
try the Fender drag.
That's it. That's good!
Keep that leg extended.
Hi!
Good job. Nice!
Hey! I mean, that looked great.
You've definitely
shown improvement.
Okay, well, it needs
to be perfect for the tryouts.
Well, Georgie,
the more you practice
the better it's gonna get.
The thing is,
I could really use a new trick.
We don't really have time
to learn a new trick.
Well, Olivia's got
a whole new signature move
she's gonna perform.
Let me think about it, okay?
Yes!
All right.
There you go.
Thank you very much.
And sir, that is for you.
Yup, coming!
And I'll fill this up.
Okay! I got it.
I'll be right there.
So did you invite me over
here so I could wait tables?
Actually, when I called you, it
was completely empty in here, so...
If you wanna help me out,
you can.
It's up to you.
Follow my lead.
Okay. Thank you.
Oh, guys. I'm kinda swamped.
I tell you what,
just get me next time, okay?
No, no, no.
What'd they have?
Uh... they had the... the chili
and corn bread,
and two coffees.
So with tax, that would be...
$22.56,
or $11.28 apiece.
That's... that's right.
Very good.
Yeah. Follow my lead, Tim.
So, Amy, um...
Have you started working on the
seating chart for the reception?
Not yet, Lou, but...
I'll get to it soon.
So, Georgie, how're you
feeling about the tryouts?
Mm. Great!
I'm definitely ready
now that Amy's helping me.
What's going on?
Divorce!
What do you mean divorce?
Who's getting a divorce?
Georgie...
Is it true?!
Yeah. We're getting separated.
- Why are you doing this?!
- It's complicated.
Why? Why is it complicated?
I guess the bottom line is we...
stopped listening to each other.
What does that even mean?
- Well, eventually, we...
- We just, we...
We realized
that want different things.
Like what?
You know what? We
would rather focus on
the two important things
that unite us...
You and Katie.
Because no matter what happens,
we will always be your parents.
And we will always be a family.
How? How will we be a family?
I'll still be here all the time.
I don't even think you'll find
it that much different, honey.
It'll be totally different!
How can you even say that?!
Georgie, look.
I know this is hard, trust me,
but we are gonna answer
all of your questions,
and we will be there for you
no matter what.
No, you won't! Because if you
wanted to be there for me,
then you wouldn't be doing this!
No, no, no, Georgie.
No!
I don't wanna talk to either of you!
- Hey, Caleb!
- Hey, man.
Uh, good to see you.
Are you sure about that?
I got tired of waiting
for you to call me back.
Yeah, sorry. Um... uh...
Business has kinda ramped up.
- It's been crazy.
- I hear. So how's it going?
We're moving into
a higher end stock,
so, uh, it's going
really great so far.
Well, that's not
the impression Amy got.
Am-oh... okay, look, I
know what you guys are thinking.
Don't worry,
I got it covered, all right?
Great. Can't wait to hear
all about it.
Look, man, I can't tonight.
I'm still on the clock.
What's he doing here?
Pretty sure that's
none of your business.
Well, Caleb and I have
actual business to discuss,
if you don't mind...
And if I do? You gonna get out
and sucker punch me again?
I'll catch up
with you tomorrow, 'kay?
Yeah, sure.
don't tell me it's
gonna be okay because it's not.
They love you, Georgie.
If they
loved me, they wouldn't do this!
They couldn't love you more.
I've got ya.
I knew it was
too good to be true!
Well, you'll
still be a family.
It'll... it'll just look
a little different is all.
You'll see.
It's not the end of the world.
How long have they
been faking it?
It's been real
hard for them, Georgie.
They waited to tell you because they
wanted to keep things normal for you.
Well... do you think there's a
chance they'll change their minds?
Well, anything's
possible, that's for sure.
But I wouldn't count on it.
They didn't come
to this decision lightly.
They... they tried hard
to work things out.
Why can't they try harder?
Oh, hey. There you are.
Look, Georgie, listen. Geor...
Now, Lou, just...
Let her be.
You and Peter, you've been living
with this for a while now.
She needs time to catch up.
Oh, grandpa...
It wasn't supposed to happen
that way.
I doubt there's a right way
to go about it.
Yeah, but she's just been
through so much already and...
Hey... so Katie's down.
Um... where's Georgie?
Uh, she just went to bed.
I think I will, too.
Okay.
So, Katie, she... has no idea
what she was saying.
Oh, thank God.
That was my fault, okay?
I-I-I...
I was talking to grandpa
about it,
and she must have overheard me.
I am so sorry.
Don't. don't be sorry, okay?
It was gonna come out sooner
or later anyway, so...
Yeah. I guess
it's a relief, right?
I mean... we don't have
to pretend anymore.
You don't have to sleep
on the floor.
It just makes it... very real.
Peter, are we doing
the right thing?
I mean, for Georgie, she...
She's already been through
so much in her life,
and it took her so long
to... to trust us,
and to feel like she was a part
of our family and...
How can we do this to her now?
She's... she's resilient.
Georgie's resilient.
She'll get through it.
So will we.
Yeah...
Kids are only happy
when their parents are happy.
You're right.
Whew! Well, thank you
for helping out today.
- I think we did pretty well.
- Mm...
Yes, working in close quarters,
that is a true
relationship test.
You know, yeah, it's good
to test a relationship.
I'm real sorry to hear
about Lou and Peter.
You doing okay?
I... I don't know
how I feel about that.
Lou said that they were trying
to work things out
and then they...
finally decided that
they weren't happy anymore.
Well, it's gotta be tough,
especially when kids
are involved.
At least it sounds like they're finally
being honest with each other, right?
I mean, in a relationship,
if you don't have honesty,
then... you don't have much
of anything, do you?
Do you want a piece of pie?
I
would love some pie.
Oh hey, what do you
have in the way of cheese?
Because there is nothing like
a piece of apple pie
and a slice of aged cheddar.
I don't know. We have ice cream.
I'll go check.
Love, Reggie?
Poor Georgie. That's
a tough way to find out.
It was pretty awful.
But I would rather not talk
about it.
Why don't you tell me
how your day was instead?
Okay. Well, I uh...
I tracked down Caleb
at the rodeo grounds.
How's he doing?
I didn't get the
chance to find out,
because Jesse showed up.
Caleb blew me off.
That doesn't sound like him.
I know.
So... I think I'm gonna
invite him over
and see how big a hole
he's dug for himself.
That's probably a good idea.
I should go.
Oh, you sure
you can't stay a bit longer?
I just wanna be
there for Georgie,
and for Lou. Okay?
I get it.
Okay, maybe a couple
more minutes.
Georgie?
Sweetheart?
Go get 'em, Georgie!
Show 'em what you got!
You might wanna
cut her some slack.
They tend to overcompensate,
especially at first.
What're you talking about?
I'm talking about parents.
Guilt turns them into
real weirdos.
Trust me. I know all about it.
Look... I may or may not
have overheard your mom
filling Sandra in
on the "situation" before class.
What?! That is none
of your business!
Besides, what do you even care?
Take a chill pill, already.
I just thought you might
like to know that I can relate.
I doubt that.
Oh, yeah?
Well, my mom's not
actually my mom, so...
You know,
if you're not interested...
you can just forget it.
Hey, Caleb!
You look like you could use
one of this.
You'd be right about that.
Thanks, man.
Look, uh...
Sorry about last night.
- Duty called.
- Hey, it's no problem.
I get it.
But what was Jesse doing here?
He is my partner.
I know, but I thought he wasn't
gonna be involved in the day-to-day.
And I thought me giving
you that big bag of money...
meant it wasn't your business
anymore.
Look, Caleb...
Amy told me that those thoroughbreds
cost fifty grand each.
I'm worried about you, man.
We both are.
Jesse is pretty hands on,
actually.
And how's that
going for you?
Fine. As long as you don't
mind being treated like hired help.
What're you talking about?
Come on, Caleb, you gotta
tell me what's going on?
Jesse's been fronting me
all the money
to cover the costs
of the stock we buy,
and my half of the stable fees.
So, in reality,
he's calling all the shots
and I'm just sort of...
along for the ride.
Yippy.
I don't know what to say.
How about... I told you so?
'Cause you did. More than once.
Okay, Caleb, there's
gotta be a way outta this.
Why don't you come over,
I'll throw some steaks on the
barbecue, and we'll figure this out.
There's nothing to figure out.
I'm in way over my head.
So what're you gonna do?
It's not your problem.
But steaks? Yeah, I'm... I'm in.
Um... I'm really sorry
about earlier.
That's okay.
So what do you mean your mom's
not really your mom?
My parents got divorced
four years ago,
and my dad remarried.
I call her mom, but she's
actually my stepmother.
It's not that big a deal.
Well, it sure sounds
like a big deal.
There are perks.
That's what the horses and the
private lessons are all about.
I told you, guilt can make
parents act pretty kooky.
So do you... miss your real mom?
Yeah.
I don't see her nearly as much
as I'd like to,
but, eventually,
you just get used to it.
You almost look like
you know what you're doing.
You here to check up on me?
I'm just looking
for a cup of coffee.
So I heard from
Lou last night.
Sounds like she's having
a rough time.
Yeah. It's going about
as well as can be expected.
Yeah, well, that's the thing
about relationships, Jack.
They all end up in heartache.
- What happened now?
- Who says anything happened?
Good then.
I saw a text
that to Casey got from some guy.
- So?
- So it said, "with love, Reggie."
She's meeting with Reggie,
right now.
Who is that?
Some old flame?
I don't know who it is.
I've never heard of the guy.
She's never mentioned him.
You know,
you are some piece of work.
What're you talking about?
Why can't you learn anything?
You wanna know something,
you ask questions.
You don't keep jumping
to conclusions all the time.
You expect Casey to lay her
cards on the table,
well, you have to show her
your hand first.
It's a two-way street.
Okay, we have
time for one more.
- Sandra! Hi.
- Hi!
This is my friend, Trudie.
She's the extreme team trainer.
I don't wanna interrupt.
Just pretend I'm not here.
All right, everyone settle down.
Olivia, you're up.
Nice work!
That's a good
note to end the class on.
I'll see you all at the tryout!
So, uh... how'd that meeting go?
It was productive.
Productive...
Interesting choice of words.
Not really.
- What's going on with you?
- Nothing.
I just thought it'd be great
if we could talk about things.
Okay. I'll bite.
What kind of things?
Well, you gotta
admit, there's still a lot
that we don't know
about each other, so...
I was thinking maybe... uh...
Okay, how 'bout we tell
each other something
that the other person
doesn't know.
Like what?
Like um...
Okay. Okay,
you'll laugh at this.
I thought about crashing
Miranda's wedding
when you weren't here.
You know,
I really did need this.
Thanks. To new beginnings
and happier days.
I'll drink to that.
What do you want?
Caleb said
he'd be here, and this can't wait.
What's going on?
An opportunity has
come up on another venture,
but I've got a serious
cash flow problem.
So... I'm gonna have
to call in your loan.
This a joke. You know I
don't have that kind of cash.
I'm sorry, Caleb.
I'm in a bit of a jam.
I don't have any other choice.
It's just business.
You'll receive official
notification outlining the details,
but I wanted to tell you
in person, first.
What if I can't pay?
Well, if the
money's not paid in full
within the specified time frame,
I'll be forced to register
a lien on this property.
A land grab.
I don't have an alternative.
Is this what this
has all been about?
Hey, hey, hey, hey...
He's not worth it, all right?
I don't know what you mean.
I was crazy to trust you.
Trust? That's real
funny coming from the guy
who's been running around
with my girlfriend.
Yeah. But hey,
she's all yours, cowboy.
You know what I don't get,
Caleb?
Is what women even see in you.
You're nothing but a broke,
washed-up rodeo bum.
Hey, hey.
See ya around, boys.
Hey! So...? How did it go?
The extreme team
coach was there,
and Georgie looked really good.
No, I didn't! Everyone saw
the trainer talking to Olivia!
She's totally getting the spot
on the team!
Okay, that is not true.
You know what? I don't even care
about the stupid audition anymore.
- I quit.
- Georgie!
If you're
here to change my mind,
you can save your breath.
Georgie...
I get that things are scary
and confusing right now.
You have no idea how I feel!
I do know what it's like to have
your whole world turned upside down.
Yeah, but... not like this.
No, not quite like this.
But when my mom died...
All I wanted to do was curl up
in a ball and hide.
But, if I wanted to help Spartan,
I had to find a way
to push through
all of the pain and anger
I was feeling.
If I didn't,
it meant letting him go.
It was the hardest thing
that I have ever had to do.
But if I hadn't of tried,
I would've regretted it
for the rest of my life.
Yeah, but... that was Spartan.
This is just some...
dumb audition.
I know that's not
how you really feel.
You have been looking forward
to this all year,
and you have been practicing
like crazy.
I even thought of a new trick
that we could try.
You know, you can't control
what's gonna happen.
But you can control
how you deal with it.
I just don't want you to look
back, and regret not going.
So think about it, okay?
And there you go.
Thank you, guys.
Have a good day.
So... what do you mean,
you almost crashed
Miranda's wedding?
I thought that...
if I went, I...
I might get some closure.
But I realized
I didn't need it...
because I should be
looking forward and not back.
So do I get to take some
credit for this new outlook?
Yeah, well, that...
depends on Reggie.
On Reggie?
I saw the text...
From the Reggie guy.
Seemed pretty friendly to me.
Reggie's a nickname...
For Regina.
She's an old friend of mine. We
reconnected at the rodeo last week.
She came into town
to sell me a horse.
That's where I was today.
A girl, Reggie. Huh.
I didn't see that coming.
How 'bout some more pie?
How 'bout... no more secrets?
No more secrets.
I can't believe I'm getting
married in less than a month.
I know. It's crazy.
You know, Amy, the seating
chart is important,
but shouldn't you be out
looking for a dress?
I have a dress...
Mrs. Bell is making it for me.
Mrs. Bell? How is this
the first I'm hearing of this?
Why didn't you tell me?!
I was gonna tell you, but then you
had so much on your mind and...
You see, when I found
mom's dress in the attic,
I wrote to Mrs. bell
and I told her
how beautiful I thought it was.
And she wrote back and told me
she would love to make mine too,
so... I said yes.
Amy, that's... that's amazing.
Mom would be
really, really happy.
- Hey.
Thanks for picking
that stuff up.
Not a problem.
You sure you wanna
be doing this, right now?
Yeah. It feels good to...
be focusing on something else.
Hey, sweetie, did
you want a snack?
Because dinner's not gonna be
for a while.
I'm not hungry.
Is this your seating chart?
Yeah. Would you
like to give us a hand?
Actually, I was wondering if...
maybe you could help me
with that new trick?
All right. Let's go.
Now when you're
ready, drop down.
That's it,
but let go of the horn.
Come on, drop down.
- It's scary!
- Come on! Agh!
All right!
Okay, close... close.
Whoa... boy.
Sandra makes it look so easy.
Yes, well, she's been doing
the stroud layout for a long time.
You have to be brave
and lean out.
Well, I'm never
gonna get it this.
It's a difficult move...
It just takes time.
I don't have time.
The audition is tomorrow.
Georgie, you don't
need a new trick, okay?
Just focus on nailing
the Fender drag
'cause it's great
and you're ready.
Okay, okay, you're right.
You're right. Okay.
Okay. Just get here as
soon as you can, all right?
It's about to start. Okay.
Ty's on his way. He's just
gonna stop at his place first.
Okay.
Um... I'll be right back.
Hey... you look nice.
No, I don't!
These costumes are horrible.
Aren't they?
I hate pink.
You're joking, right?
It's like the best colour ever.
Hi, girls!
Looks like we're ready.
Trudie's here and she's eager
to see what you guys can do.
Okay, Olivia, you're up first.
Now... have fun,
and don't forget to smile!
Okay. All right, well, I uh...
I guess this is it.
Good luck!
- Hey, honey.
- Dad! You made it!
Yeah.
Oh, Casey's covering for me
at the diner.
She said she didn't want me
to miss this.
Well, you know, I can't
thank you both enough.
- It's means a lot to me.
- Well...
It's not a problem, really.
I gotta talk to you...
'Cause clearly
you've lost your mind.
don't, Tim.
Honestly...
Do you think
this is easy for me?
Huh? This is...
this is my family here, Tim.
- This is my home, okay?
- Oh, that's good. Your home?
Yeah.
This is the hardest thing I've ever
had to do, so can you give me a break?
Then do the right thing.
I'm not sure what the
right thing is anymore-
That's your
problem right there.
- Okay, thanks.
- Dad, please.
And here's our first
rider, Olivia Wheaton, riding Winner.
What?! Are you kidding me?
She did the reverse Fender drag!
She stole my signature move!
It's okay, Georgie.
Beat that.
Hey! What the hell do
you think you're doing?
This land's gonna
be mine soon enough.
I just wanna make sure
I get every square inch of it.
You got no legal
right to be here.
Come on, we both know Caleb's not
gonna come up with the cash in time.
So pack up your stuff
and get out,
'cause when I get the go ahead,
it's gonna happen real fast.
I'm warning you. don't do this.
Oh, I'm just getting started.
What's that supposed to mean?
It's called payback, Ty.
I'm sticking it to Caleb,
reclaiming my family's land,
and kicking you to the curb.
Oh, and that stuck up fiancee
of yours
who thinks she can just
blow me off?
When I put her pathetic little
business out of operation,
she's gonna wish she hadn't
turned down all my job offers.
You lose, Ty.
- Ungh!
- Agh!
Ungh!
Oh! Ungh!
- Aggghhhhh!
- Oof!
Hey! Stop!
Get off him! Crazy!
Get your hands off me!
Take it easy!
Take easy, buddy! Come on!
I got you now!
You started this fight,
remember that.
I can't
believe she did that!
Just forget
about Olivia, okay?
Focus on controlling
how you deal with this.
- Just like we practiced.
- Next up, we have...
- Okay...
- Are you ready?
- Riding Checkers.
- I'm ready.
Have fun.
Woo!
Oh no...
Georgie, that was amazing!
I can't believe
you tried that new trick!
Well, I know it wasn't
perfect, but you said to have fun,
and I didn't wanna regret
not trying it.
Well, that was definitely
a winning ride.
It doesn't look like it.
Georgie, that was... incredible!
Trying that stroud layout
was pretty gutsy, Georgie.
It may have just tipped
the scales,
because I am happy
to report that...
you are being offered the spot
on the extreme team!
Congratulations!
You are gonna be a great
addition to the team!
Hey... aw...
Congratulations.
I'm so proud of you!
Ah...
Ty, what's going on?
Where were you...?
Oh my God.
Are you okay?
I think I
might be in trouble, Amy.
So how's this gonna work?
Well, your mom and I haven't
quite sorted it all out yet.
Well... when are you
coming back?
Soon. Very soon, okay?
And I'm gonna call you tonight.
Hey, kitty cat!
Come here.
Oh, you're getting so big.
Be a good girl for mommy, okay?
Daddy's gonna be back soon.
Okay,
daddy, be back soon!
Hey... look at me.
We're gonna figure
this out, okay?
I promise.
I love you.
On the next Heartland...
You're under arrest.
The wedding,
is it on or off?
I could go to jail
for a really long time.
You drop the charges
and I'm all yours.
Will they walk down
the aisle or run away from it?
Let's get married, right now.
Heartland,
next Sunday at 7:00 on CBC.
sync and corrected by ninh
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org